1. Overview of the five products to be delivered and what the aim is for this and next week (i.e. MVP with Prediction + Command Line)

2. Team reminded of the MVP scope vs the desirable or 'super-ambitious' requirements.

3. Updates of each sub-group as follows:

Back-end

    Included two new data sets to be pulled (i.e. Weekly survey results dating back from 1991) 
    Further work made on creating the end-points, mostly finished. Started to implement methods for pushing and pulling to and from db.
    Working on a structure between Panda data form and JSON backend, this will be used as the querying 'table' for all modelling/visualisation
        Predictions made will also be stored in the database for historical purposes and a means of comparison on our modelling capabilities
    Scraping of website content implemented for auto-updated, link to database once this is done


Modelling

    Identified four initial algorithms to be used:
    1. Kalman Filter approach (i.e. use weekly/monthly data points to determine a new 'real' result to be used for the next time point. Run a Monte Carlo like simulation to produce variability at each iteration. 
    2. MI Neural Network - (Issues are there is only 300 different dates woth of data - could resolve by adding 'noise')
    3. Linear Regression
    4. Linear Regression with Monte Carlo for 'learning' (using parameters such as weather, credibility, perception of candidates etc)
    
    Will be performing exploratory analysis of the new data to determine any correlations. Have managed to produce a heatmap  however this will need to be cleaned and interpreted.
    Discussed the need for alternative simulation techniques as a means of comparison. 
    
    Standardized output format for visualisiation and simple model implemented so that next week a start to finish simulation of MVP can be tested.
    
Visualisation

    Method of creating a Dashboard with Python (Jupyter Notebook) acheived
    Discussions of 'map of Germany' on hold till we identify the usefullness of the data
    Resolving 'hover' issue by removing this feature for now
    Methods explored to achieve interactive selection of datasets. 

